Week of 2021-11-08

# Week of November 8

## Overview

First week of team reorganization, so first week fo being on PAC team, doing backlog grooming, etc. Chris posted [Introducing the new Team Structure & Process Changes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Q9OixK-Vh_a63Pxlfp3YYvPFwIK4RVNB_eHlq7gU7kg/edit) to review.

Mares' is partially on vacation. OOO Monday, Wednesday and Thursday.

## [X] `DateField` restyling for consistent columns (2)
https://github.com/QuorumUS/quorum-site/pull/23871

Carried over from last week

## [X] Add permission check for displaying interaction logger dropdown (2)
https://github.com/QuorumUS/quorum-site/pull/23775

Waiting for Marks' input

## [CI] Prevent Editing of Organizations
https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QPAC-425

## [CI] Show correct error message on duplicate filing
https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QPAC-422

## [ ] Create error if cash contributions exceed $100
https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QPAC-9

The cash contribtion from an indivisual is the sum of transactions where:
	- `transaction.supporter` is that of the indivisual contributor
	- Money is credited to `LedgerAccountType.contributions_from_individuals`
	-  `transaction.transaction_method == TransactionMethodType.cash`
	- Persuant to 11 CFR Section 110.4(c)(1)
    - "With respect to any campaign for nomination for election or election to Federal office" so it's unique to `election` too

## Pfizer Lead Ads not all ingesting

## Monday
 - [x] Software Upgrades
 - [x] Weekly Planning
 - [x] Switch over workflow to Kanban
 - [x] Check changes on staging
 - [x] Morning Focus Time
 - [x] PAC Standup
 - [x] Afternoon Focus Time
 - [x] Chapter 3

 - Can't move tickets to Ready to Deploy

### Morning Focus
 - DateField styling

### Afternoon Focus
 - ~~Maybe https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QPAC-170~~
 - Actually, created [QPAC-425](https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QPAC-425), will work on that

## Tuesday
 - [x] Full Dev Team Meeting (cancelled)
 - [x] PAC Standup
 - [x] PAC Backlog Refinement

Tickets:
 - https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QPAC-422?

## Wednesday
 - [x] Morning Focus Time
 - [x] PAC Standup
 - [x] Phone Interview

### Morning Focus
 - Look into cash contribution error

### Other Tasks
 - Cash contribution error

## Thursday
 - [x] Morning Focus Time
 - [x] PAC Standup
 - [x] Afternoon Focus Time

## Friday
 - [x] Morning Focus Time
 - [x] PAC Standup
 - [x] Lattice Update
 - [x] Eric <> Mares
 - [x] EOW Wrap Up

The return of Mares

## Wrap

Had distracted week in productivity. Main focus on QPAC-9 but did not get motivation to research and work, WFH had distractedness and ended up working late Thursday to make up for it (despite early mornings). Main focus for next week will be QPAC-9, including being vigoroous about understanding the backend components that make up the ticket. Documentation for offloading lead ads is important, so partially focus on that.

Need to copy these notes somewhere more permanent.

id: d5db027cfe8047e4b8025e58ab2348d5
parent_id: a3671f81a24a427b9fbbe5732db92dd0
created_time: 2021-11-08T13:46:53.357Z
updated_time: 2021-11-12T21:15:30.444Z
is_conflict: 0
latitude: 39.53720000
longitude: -76.36050000
altitude: 0.0000
author: 
source_url: 
is_todo: 0
todo_due: 0
todo_completed: 0
source: joplin-desktop
source_application: net.cozic.joplin-desktop
application_data: 
order: 0
user_created_time: 2021-11-08T13:46:53.357Z
user_updated_time: 2021-11-12T21:15:30.444Z
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
markup_language: 1
is_shared: 0
share_id: 
conflict_original_id: 
type_: 1