# Week of March 7

## QPAC-548 Bulk Upload Confirmation Email*
https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QPAC-548
See [[QPAC-548 Bulk Upload Emails]]

## Mares Icon Issue / Small PAC Changes**
 * [x] Write documentation about adding fontaweseme icons

**DONE**

## Lead Ads API Issue*
- [x] Spend Monday on call fixing things

 - **CARRY:** Postmortem meeting next week

## Typescript Babel integration
https://github.com/QuorumUS/quorum-site/pull/25203
 - [x] Look into failing tests

 - **CARRY**: After LL Wednesday, talk to Noah about doing a Learning Lab.

## QPAC-542 Contribution Source regression
https://github.com/QuorumUS/quorum-site/pull/25226
 - [x] Merged/Done

**DONE**

## P2 QI-14041 Lagging Email Editor
https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QI-14041
Genie: https://quorumanalytics.slack.com/archives/CJ7D02KKN/p1646933874260079
dev-crm: https://quorumanalytics.slack.com/archives/C02KXP1BPAP/p1646936654996979

 - [x] Waiting on client to get back
 - [x] Closed as un-actionable

**DONE**

## Monday
 - [x] Morning Focus (8:00-10:00)
	 - [x] Start of week tasks
		 - [x] Weekly Notes
		 - [x] Upgrade Brew/Macports
 - [x] Deal with lead ads issue
 - [x] Afternoon On Call (13:00-18:00)

## Tuesday
 - [x] Morning On Call (9:00-13:00)
	 - [x] Deploy
	 - [x] Write Handover
 - [x] Morning Tasks (8:00-11:00)
	 - [x] Look over email and open PRs
	 - [x] Carry-over from last week
 - [x] PAC Standup (11:45-12:00)
 - [x] Lunch and Learn: CES (12:00-13:00)
 - [x] Help Mari run script?
 - [x] Break
	 - [x] Starbucks/Get Espresso beans?
 - [x] Afternoon Focus (14:00-17:00)
	 - [x] Fix typescript test
	 - [x] Code Review
	 - [x] Switch to the [New Dev DB][new-dev-db]
	 - [x] Look into issue Kristin pointed out
		 - [x] See [Jira Comment][qpac-542-comment]
	 - [x] Bulk Archive?
 - [x] Daily Wrap Up (17:00-17:30)
	 - [x] Post typescript PR into the guild
	 - [x] Create morning focus tasks for tomorrow

[new-dev-db]: https://quorumanalytics.slack.com/archives/C3LEYG0C8/p1646769904823779
[qpac-542-comment]: https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QPAC-542?focusedCommentId=74262

## Wednesday
 - [x] Morning Focus (8:00-11:30)
	 - [x] Code Review
	 - [x] See if you can easily fix the tests on the typescript PR
		 - [x] If yes, post in the guild
	 - [x] Get tests setup for bulk upload
 - [x] PAC Standup (11:45-12:15)
	 - [x] **ACTION**: Read through the [tech lead in career growth framework][cgf]
	 - [x] **ACTION**: Bring Michael onto Bulk Upload
		 - Mares wants bulk uploads to be a trial run for the receipts and disbursements stuff
 - [x] Lunch
 - [x] Afternoon On Call (13:00-18:00)
 - [x] Eric <> Mares (14:00-14:30)
       
[cfg]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mm7bvoW9KhJ17z83FMfl0I9g00OEQelUqwIPJqaVXGs/edit#gid=1073771156

## Thursday
 - [x] Morning On Call (9:00-13:00)
	 - [x] Re-stage
	 - [x] Deploy
	 - [x] That deadlock issue
	 - [x] Handover
 - [x] Morning Work
	 - [x] Code Review
 - [x] PAC Standup (11:45-12:00)
	 - We'll move the demoes next week
 - [x] Discuss splitting up Bulk Uploads with Michael (12:00-12:30)
	 - [x] See [this jira comment][bulkupload-split]
 - [x] Dealing with P2
	 - [x] Couldn't take lunch due to [QI-14041][qi14041], pretty sure there's nothing I can do
 - [x] Lunch/Workout Break
 - [x] Wrap Up Day (17:00-17:30)

[bulkupload-split]: https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QPAC-548?focusedCommentId=74390
[qi14041]: https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QI-14041


## Friday
 - [x] Morning Focus (8:00-11:30)
	 - [x] Get PR up for `ConfirmtionEmail` attachment
 - [x] PAC Standup (11:45-12:15)
 - [x] Lunch
	 - [x] Go out if at office?
	 - [x] After lunch espresso -- beans at desk
 - [x] Light Work
	 - [x] Expensify printer and desk organization supplies
	 - [x] Expensify the coffee beans (receipt on starbucks app?)
	 - [x] Talk to Noah about Typescript LL
		 - **CARRY**: Will follow up after LL next week, told Noah I'd be able to fill an hour
 - [x] Lead Ads Postportem (14:30-15:00)
	 - **CARRY**: Next week will be presenting postmortem to the team
	 - **TODO**: Fill out the document
 - [x] Marks Trial AMA (15:30-16:00)
 - [x] Afternoon Work
	 - [x] Fill out Postmortem document parts assigned to you
 - [x] Wrap Up Week (16:00-16:30)
	 - [x] Lattice Update
	 - [x] Clean Up Weekly Notes
	 - [x] Summarize Accomplishments
 - [x] LWTA (16:30)

## Accomplishments
 - Worked on a team to solve lead ads issue for API, and participated in a Postmortem meeting. Talked about what went wrong, steps that were taken to solve and provided input on future steps.
 - Documented issue I was having with Fontaweseme
 - Took lead on Bulk Uploads work for PAC. Found disparate parts to work on, and talked to Michael about splitting up the project, so he can hop on too. Continued with my own parts, involving the ability to attach CSVs to the relevant ConfirmationEmail.
 - Dealt with two on-call shifts, and helped deal with a difficult client who said a lagging UI was urgent then didn't follow up with helpful information.
 - Open and merged a ticket fixing a regression in the disbursements form, where certain initial values weren't be loaded properly. The fix is well tested.