# DevConf 2022
https://devconfus2022.sched.com/

## Keynote: Edge Computing
Pendulum, becoming more important. Latency is important in many applications. Kubernetes.

## Automate Everything
Developers time is valuable, and doing this manually is prone to mistakes. There's lots of devops tools (Quorum uses ansible) that allows automatically setting up environments. Mutable vs immutable environments.

## Container Registry
Effort to create completely universal container registry, metadata tags. Easily deploy with different tags.

## Tester's Guide to Quality
Agile requires finished project >> documentation, but docs and tests still important. Agile has a small testing window, so QA needs to kow what they'll be testing beforehand. Quality gate like code reviews, maintenance. Test cases should be reusable, reused in multiple environments (matrix testing?). Continuous improvement. Don't waste time.

SUT $\rightarrow$ Design -> Implementation -> Execution -> CI

## Developing for Edge
Lots of small servers or in remote locations. "Edge" locations are common in point-of-sale, cars, 5G towers. Many run kubernetes. Geographic distribution. Edge systems embedded, low level. Cloud practices translate to edge.

## Linux Unikernal
Unikernal runs a kernel with single application. Team create system to recombile binaries to run in ring 0, and presented on a "bypass" to avoid some overhead usually present in context switches. Large performance gains.

## Cooperative Caching
Project to improve cache, same phd mentor as unikernal

## Kubernetes Monitoring
Metrics sent to grafana and turned into slack alerts

## Kafka as a Service
-

## Open Source Operate First
