# Week of November 29

## Overview

First full week following Thanksgiving. This was the week planned to present to the CRM team regarding how lead ads work.

## Menial
 - [x] Enter Christmas vacation in BambooHR
 - [x] Re-enter Christmas Vacation because the schedule got shifted back
 - [x] Start using correct invision credentials from [this document][gdocs_design]

[gdocs_design]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CJlU0p7I6VU45EQ0pwP0e8uZ8Aqtw81E16D3Yw2saLg/edit#heading=h.fu0v0jyfzav7

## [CR] Create error if cash contributions exceed $100 (4)
https://quorumanalytics.atlassian.net/browse/QPAC-9
https://github.com/QuorumUS/quorum-site/pull/24111
[[QPAC-9 Cash Contribution limit errors]]

## [X] Lead Ads transition
See https://github.com/QuorumUS/quorum-site/pull/24111
See [Grassroots-Lead Ads Integration](Grassroots-Lead%20Ads%20Integration.md)

## [ ] Bank Balance not set on creation
[[QPAC-440 Bank Balance not set upon creation of the bank account.]]

## Monday
 - [x] Upgrades and start of week planning
 - [x] Talk to Akshata about lead ads transition
 - [x] Lead Ads written documentation
 - [x] PAC Standup
 - [x] Afternoon Focus

## Tuesday
 - [x] Morning Focus
 - [x] All-Hands Meeting
 - [x] PAC Standup
 - [x] Eric <> Michael paired programming
 - [x] Afternoon Focus

### All hands meeting
 - Quorum is aquiring CisionPAC
 - A bunch of Cision's team members joining tomorrow
 - Signed up to be an onboarding buddy
 - Will continue to work on PAC, eventually move everyone over to QPAC

### Eric <> Michael "Pair Programming"
 - On the same page about what needs to be done
 - Going to pass in the transaction and just add to CSC, only when necessary
 - The will be morning focus for tomorrow

## Wednesday
 - [x] Morning Focus
 - [x] PAC Standup
 - [x] Cofounder Q&A + Dev Team Discussion
 - [x] Eric <> Mares
 - [x] Look over new tickets for refinement session
 - [x] QPAC Refinement Session
 - [x] Short Focus

### Morning Focus
 - Make changes from pair programming discussion

### Eric <> Mares
 - Updated Christmas vacation in BambooHR

### CisionPAC Notes

Kristen, starting Monday, will be the new product manager. She'll be underneath Product. Christ will remain VP of Eng, overseeing the engineering managers.

Asked strong questions about how our interactions with CPAC will be, and how we will get their knowledge and expertise. Seems like a lot of this stuff

### Short Focus

 Just trying to fix tests so I can focus on writing migrations tomorrow.

## Thursday
 - [x] Morning Focus
 - [x] PAC Standup
 - [x] Afternoon Focus

### Morning Focus
 - Cash contributions need to be tested on the dev db, and necessary migrations written

## Friday
 - [x] Morning Focus
 - [x] Lead Ads transition meeting
 - [x] PAC Standup
 - [x] Afternoon Focus: Make a PR for QPAC-440
 - [x] Weekly Wrap Up
 - [x] ~~PAC Bi-Weekly Demos~~ (moved to next week)
 - [ ] LWTA

## Weekly Wrap Up

 * I'm going to start doing lattice update on Monday, but put notes here
 * At 3pm on Monday, Chris is hosting a book club for the agile book

I mainly focused on finishing up the cash contributions ticket. I also worked on lead ads transition documentation earlier in the week which I presented to the CRM team Firday morning. On Friday I also opened a PR for QPAC-440 to fix a few issues in financial settings.

I believe the cash contributions limit ticket is almost complete, and I plan to finish up whatever is left early next week. I will also make the necessary changes to get the QPAC-440 ticket merged. Then I'll move onto new tickets.